Okay, so we've seen CloudWatch
throughout the course,
but let's just go and do a quick summary on it.
So first CloudWatch metrics,
it's going to provide metrics for every service in AWS,
and you need to understand what the metric means.
So usually the name of the metric gives you
a pretty good indication of what it is.
For example, CPU Utilization, NetworkIn,
and then based on how the metric is behaving,
it gives you an idea of how the service is behaving,
and you can do some troubleshooting based on this.
So metrics belong to namespaces,
and then you have a dimension,
which is an attribute of a metric,
for example, instance id, environments,
et cetera, et cetera,
and you can choose up to 30 dimensions per metric.
Metrics will have timestamps,
and you can create CloudWatch dashboards of metrics.
So in this course we've seen EC2 metrics for example,
and we also seen the EC2 detailed monitoring.
So we know that by default EC2 instances will have
metrics every five minutes,
but if you enable detailed monitoring for a cost,
it's additional,
then you're going to get data of metrics every one minute.
And if you enable this, then for example,
you're going to be able to react faster to changing metrics
for your EC2 instances and it gives you some benefits for
your ASG, if you want to scale out and in faster.
Now, the feature allows you to get 10
detailed monitoring metrics.
And the thing to note is that the Institute memory usage,
so your Ram, is not pushed by default and needs to be pushed
from the instance as a custom metric.
And we'll have a look at how to push custom metrics
very, very soon.
So when you are in the CloudWatch dashboard
on the left hand side,
there is metrics and you can find all the metrics.
And as you can see,
we see all the namespaces in here for our metrics.
If we have a look, we have based on services, for example,
ELB auto-scaling EBS, EC2, EFS and so on.
So a lot of information given you given to you here,
so we can click on EC2,
And we can have a per instance metric,
just to see one metric and I'm going to type credits
to see the CPU credit balance.
For example, I will take this instance,
which was created a long time ago.
And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to choose a
custom range,
which is going to be a one month to find some data in here.
Okay, so we have the data here.
And so the cool thing in CloudWatch metrics
is that you can just click
and select the time span you want.
And here we go,
we're getting some information around our metrics.
As you can see, we get metrics every five minutes here.
So every data point is every five minutes because detailed
monitoring was not enabled for this instance, okay.
But if I did enable detailed monitoring,
I would get data every one minutes.
So this is just the basics of quality metrics and nothing
too fancy, but we can definitely filter by time.
We can view it as a different lines or stacked area or line
or number or a pie chart. You can add it to a dashboard.
You can download as a CSV, you can share it.
Okay, So cloud metric is very, very handy.
And you can have a look at all the metrics, you know,
based on the region you want,
based on the dimension you want,
the resource you want, so you can filter everything.
So that's it for closure metrics.
I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.